connect/ca: cease including the common name field in generated certs (#10424)
hashicorp/consul: .changelog/10424.txt

```release-note:improvement

> connect/ca: cease including the common name field in generated certs

Reviewer: Might be worth clarifying somehow that generated CA certs still require/include a common name? Not totally happy with the wording, but maybe something like:
```suggestion
connect/ca: cease including the common name field in generated x509 certificates when not used as a CA
```
